keep it clean so my name is Marcel and
your name is my name is Andrew heft
underwater piano sub okay and thank you
very much so I'm really a recording you
now because there was a question on
YouTube about how does Colin tune his
piano so now I discovered this morning
how he turns his piano and you tune his
piano for me : has his own teeny hammer
has one of these oh so he's in a pinch
he can touch up his own piano very funny
so it's very unusual for somebody
yep but he's an unusual fellow so most
people would not have their own piano
hammer tune it there are a few classical
players that can I see that please
picture of it
that's called a tuning hammer tuning
hammer the wrench that goes on all those
230 tuning pegs
and it also has used peaceful as a
hammer whacking things calling plays
very hard and this style Yamaha is known
for breaking strings so he had a fella
Guatemalan fellow called Messiah
restring this whole section from year to
year a couple of weeks ago and that's
why I just you know exactly out of tune
I see
because new strings need a little time
to speak in heat he restrung the whole
piano the hall the second here these are
all brand new
this is where Colin used to break a
string a week for a string a day that
was eating into his process to hire me
every time to come turning in his drink
we suggested he he just gets all things
drawing it in gradually he's treating
the whole piano starting with this
section here how long does it take to
two in the panel if it's but the thing
is it take is going to take me almost an
hour it's sort of like in and it'll put
is there any children watching it'll put
them right to sleep
so this is your mobile unit right here
yeah there's my advertising on the back
you Japanese and and
your time the earthquake hands and we
had to leave and
are you were living in Tokyo did time in
earth right now there we have two small
children so we had to we had a chance to
come back to New York so we did
so this is the underwater piano shop
on wheels
so how far do you have to come watch
this vehicle here's an easy commute you
live in the village or on the east side
on and substrate like it was hard for me
to be 10 minutes late this morning but I
was okay this thank you very much what
it's pretty soon no no he can't distract
me and who are you guys
who's that it's complicated
you're talking to most important man
right now
okay the boys don't touch my teeth
all right hi boys I'm taking that just
kind of put them on YouTube so he can
get a little exposure
so this what I've posted one of you
I mean there's one of a bit I mean like
we're both there but there's one of
now I posted about three of your playing
piano here on YouTube but they're up
there now and somebody thought I saw the
right now somebody wrote in and said do
you tune your own piano and I said I
think so so now when I walk down here I
see that so I'm gonna put this up and to
answer that question I'm gonna put this
little video up of him working and I
didn't realize I didn't recognize you
when you said you're the boss I didn't
recognize okay my mark she'll that's my
name that's Collin right over here I
didn't recognize him because he was
using he's wearing his hat he never
wears his hat
my
remember some detail about everybody
calc a wanted a nicer schedule why did
you laugh Colin what you see because
that is noise oh good it's good to take
a couple I like compliments
I remember I hear one day and you
pointed out just to someone that she was
your not your banker but you're awesome
Eva what is her name
yes she is my bender she's your banker
yes so she was very seemed very
embarrassed about getting all that
attention that moment yeah
okay well I'm going to sign off so thank
you